Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we come an enormous way since we first fired up our pipeline ID or shell.
I think if you look back now we've just completed 100 lectures so that is quite an accomplishment so
well done on getting this far.
Now it's time to take a learning and a program to another level in this section.
We're moving into a new section.
We're going to learn to work with files that our programs can quickly analyze lots of data.
So this section is going to be of interest to pretty much everybody taking this course because we're
going to start to get really interactive now.
By learning to work with files and saving data our programs take on another dimension and become easier
for people to use.
There was so much information available in textfiles population news numbers whether property game results
election results.
Everything there's so much information out there and we're going to look at the Explorers and data sets
as we move to that section.
When we want to work with information in a text file the first step is to read the file into memory.
We can read the entire contents of a file or we can work through a file one line at a time.
Our first lecture is going to explore reading an entire file.
So let's jump right in and get started.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.